[Music]
my job from air traffic Brad say the
skies are clear it's the real thing a
radio signal from another world tells us
the object of something to a stationary
orbit part of it it's broken off into
nearly three dozen other pieces smaller
than the whole sir
yet over 15 miles and with themselves
where are they heading
you should be entering our atmosphere
within the next 25 minutes
[Music]
let's just get there that's quickly
what's the rajma people get to
Washington it won't be there that's like
a chess first their position your pieces
using this one signal to synchronize
their efforts and then what I really
don't think they flew 90 billion
light-years to start a fight
[Music]
it's gonna be a lot of frightened people
one of them
[Music]
we celebrate Independence Day
[Applause]
[Music]
something you want to add to this
briefing captain Hillier no sir just the
languages to get up there will be teased
as I saw
[Music]